Adding basic examples (#878)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-latestdeployments.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic example

> This example lists the latest deployment to production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest deployment to Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106):
```

> This example will list the latest deployment to Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest deployment to production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106):
```

```text
octo list-latestdeployments --project="DACPAC SQL Server" --environment="Production" --server="https://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --space="Target - SQL Server"
```

> This example will list the latest deployment to Test and Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest deployment to Test and Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106):
```

```text
octo list-latestdeployments --project="DACPAC SQL Server" --environment="Test" --environment="Production" --server="https://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --space="Target - SQL Server"
```

> This example will list the latest deployment to Test and Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` and `DBUp SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest deployment to Test and Production for project `DACPAC SQL Server` and `DBUp SQL Server` in space [Target - SQL Server](https://samples.octopus.app/app#/Spaces-106):
```
